We'd like to understand the professionals involved in your family member's care.
Could you please share their details?
For instance, their consultants, PHN, GP, and any other important professionals they
currently are engaged with.
We need their name, their job title, their contact info preferably, and their reason
for involvement.
So we have our GP, who's Dr. Jones based in Carrigg Medical Center.
We have our public health nurse, also based in the same center, her name is Caroline Kiely.
We have our surgeon, our surgeon is Dr. Raffi, who is based in CUH.
And we also have some rehab team's support from Temple Street.
We'd also like to check on the professionals involved in your family member's care.
Could you share if there have been any changes or updates?
So for instance, their consultants, again their PHN, their GP, or any other important
professionals they are currently engaged with.
So no, it's pretty much been solid since the accident.
We have had conversations about possibly seeing another surgeon, but that is not confirmed
at the moment.
Could you provide an overview of your family member's medical history to date, please?
Okay, yeah.
So I have kind of like no particular things to talk about, but my husband does have asthma,
and he has allergies, he's allergic to peanuts, so he has an EpiPen.
And our son is currently having hearing tests.
Could you provide any update on your family member's medical history since last we spoke?
No, it's pretty much the same.
Okay, super.
Can you tell me if any of these apply to your family member and share the details?
For example, seizures, the types, frequency, whether they have a shunt, if they have any
feeding issues or challenges associated with that.
Do they have a tracheostomy, the date, the reason and the care needed, or do they have
any additional learning needs?
No, none of those, none of those, no, it's just she was in a wheelchair for a little
bit and now moving to crutches, hopefully.
Okay.
Could you please provide an update on any of the following areas for your family member?
And please share any new information or changes since last discussed.
So again, around seizures, any shunts, feeding, updates or challenges, tracheostomy and additional
learning needs.
Nope, no updates.
Could you please share the medications your family member is taking?
So imaging is currently on a high dose of, oh fuck, what is she on, what is she on?
Okay go on, ask me again.
Okay.
Oh God, do I have to be in the same place?
Oh shit.
No.
Okay.
Just while we're discussing here, I'd probably, should I skip over update questions?
Yes, sorry, I should have said that.
Do you want to do it, start again and skip the update questions or can you just cut them
out?
Yeah, sorry, I should have said updates are like they're a separate type of questionnaire.
As you were asking me that.
I was going to skip it, but I was like, maybe it's needed for the audio file.
Okay.
Okay.
Could you please provide an update on the medications your family member is currently
taking?
Yeah, so imaging has like quite a significant amount of pain relief.
We manage that through, you know, kind of Calpol, Neurofen.
She has some doctor prescribed medication.
She was having additional medication when she was in the rehab centre, particularly
around the catheterisation, but actually we're coming out of that now, so we're significantly
reducing that.
And then with regards to allergies, do you or your family members have any allergies,
specifically including latex, nuts, foods, medications, or any other substances?
Yeah, so my husband is allergic to peanuts quite severely and he has an EpiPen and actually
now that you mention it, my son also has some food intolerances.
Imaging I don't think really has any.
She's never shown any signs, but definitely my son does.
So can you please tell me who is living at home with your family member and just give
us some of the details on each of those individuals?
So in the house is me.
I have, so I was previously working since Imogen's accident.
I'm no longer working, so I'm like full time at home looking after her and my son.
Then there's my husband, Billy.
He is, he's kind of here every now and again.
His job takes him away a lot, which is like a bit frustrating if I'm honest.
Then there's Imogen, so she's five.
It's been about a year since she had her accident on the trampoline, you know, broke the bottom
of her back and some spinal cord damage.
And Imogen's five, and then we have Jude, her little brother, who is three and he is
currently going to nursery and obviously Imogen's off school at the moment, but I'm hoping to
get her back soon.
Okay, thanks very much.
Okay, so do you foresee anything in the coming year that may cause stress to yourself or
your family members?
If I'm honest, my husband is just like driving me bananas at the moment.
So I said to like, he works away quite a lot and that's just like really frustrating because
it just leaves me on my own with Imogen all the time.
So I just am not certain whether we're going to stay together and that's obviously going
to be like real issues for the kids.
And so, you know, if that happens, I might, maybe I'll get my mum to move in or something.
Okay, I'm sorry to hear that.
So on that, is there anyone else outside of your household who's supporting you, a family
member or extended family or friends or like your mother who you refer to?
So I definitely, my mum helps, she helps where she can.
My mother-in-law hasn't been a great amount of help, which again is like kind of some
of the arguments that we're having.
If I'm honest, I don't really have anyone, like everyone was around right at the beginning
when Imogen had her accident and then everyone's just gone away and actually I don't really
get to see my friends anymore because I always just have to be with Imogen and people don't
really know how to kind of be around her sometimes because she definitely is acting out, I think
in frustration since the accident.
On a scale of one to five, how confident are you or your family member in their household's
financial situation?
Yeah, like it's all right.
Obviously, it's not great because we've lost my salary because I had to leave my job.
My husband has like a pretty decent income, so that's not too bad, but obviously I'm a
little bit concerned if we do break up, like how that's going to, you know, we have to
talk about maintenance and that sort of stuff.
I am on primary carer allowance, so I do get some through that, but that of course, that's
like means tested, so it is a bit of a pinch point for us.
Are you or your family member engaged in any other health or social care service?
So we utilise Enable Island who are like, you know, just down the road and that gives,
you know, a little bit of like social stuff and participation, but no, not really.
I haven't, we've tried to reach out to a few organisations, but to be honest, there's no
one that really kind of focuses on the type of injury that Imogen's had.
And I suppose the next one is, I suppose, can you share really what challenges that
Imogen is facing at the moment that may need help with?
What kind of services do Crown offer that you might be interested in?
And I suppose, what are your expectations from the Crown Centre in going forward?
So I've heard you've got like amazing socialising, because to be honest, now that she's
not in school, she doesn't really get to socialise with many people, so I really want
her to kind of like get some friends.
But what's really, really important to me is that I want to get her out of her chair
and into crutches and hopefully, you know, off them eventually.
So any help with that, I think, is really important.
And, you know, I've heard that you do offer like counselling, so I think maybe my husband
and I, whether we need it together, whether we need it separate, I don't know.
I feel like he's running away from the situation and that's why he's working so much,
so maybe he needs some counselling.
And then Jude, I mean, look, he's only three, he doesn't really get it, but I've
definitely not been as attentive to him as I should have been through this all,
so anything that can be done for him as well.
Okay, okay.
And I suppose the next question is around, you know, the independence of Imogen
and outside of everything else, what milestones has she, you know, reached?
Is there any other kind of challenges that are facing her?
Is there anything we'll say that professionals, caregivers, teachers or anybody
have called out in relation to any of her kind of motor skills, social, any other behaviours
or is there anything like that we should be aware of?
So she, like, up until the accident, she'd hit all of her milestones, like,
absolutely not worried about anything like that.
She was having some social challenges, like, the teacher had put her into these,
like, private kind of social sessions and there was at one point talk of testing
for ADHD, but if I'm honest, all of that's just gone on the back burner
because since the accident, actually, it's all just about getting her walking again.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm after jumping back up.
There's questions there about independent living that I don't believe are relevant,
so you've answered it there, so I'm just going to skip those, so apologies.
No, you're good.
So the next, I think, after independent living, it goes into health and continence questions.
Feeding, bathing, dressing, bedtime, stuff like that.
Was that it?
Yeah, so that is still in your independent living, yeah.
Okay.
Do you want me to?
Yeah, go on.
Do it myself.
So with regards to your child, on a scale of one to five,
how confident are you in, sorry.
No, you're good.
On a scale of one to five, how confident are you in your ability
to manage your child's daily activities?
Things to consider with this are feeding, bathing, dressing, bedtime,
engaging in playtime, et cetera.
So, like, my ability to manage her, like, five,
like, I know exactly everything that she needs,
but I guess, like, if I'm talking about her ability to do it,
you know, she's gone from a five to, you know, a two,
she can't really, like, bath herself anymore, she can't.
I mean, feeding is fine.
Like, obviously, there's no effect on her arms,
but she, you know, can't do walking,
so actually she's just really dependent on me
to support her with all of that stuff.
Yeah, okay.
Are your family interested in trans-independent living services
to support these challenges,
and would you have any goals associated with these services?
Well, I mean, obviously, she's, like, she's only five,
so she's not going to be on her own,
but, you know, long-term goals is
I need to get her out of the chair
because I want her to just go back to living normally,
and if she's going to have a future
and I'm going to get her out of the house by the time she's 18,
like, I need her to be, you know, up and functioning.
Yeah.
Once I got a half-inch with that first sentence,
I realised what I was reading.
At no point did she fall.
She's five, you lunatic.
Oh, yeah, so we're on health and continence.
Okay, so do you have any diet or nutrition concerns?
Obviously, there's mobility issues.
Are there any kind of pressures or sores,
anything that needs to be addressed?
Do you believe that you as a family,
as the caregiver,
are getting the training you need,
and what additional challenges are you facing
that obviously we can help with,
and what are your main kind of goals within these areas?
So her nurse has talked to me about, like, pressure sores,
like, every now and again,
and I think she told me I was going to get some training on it,
but I haven't had any.
Like, no one's talked about that,
but to be honest, I'm hoping we're just going to
skip as much of that as possible
because, as I said, I just want her out of that chair.
What was the first part of that question?
What else did you want me to talk about?
Any changes in diet or nutrition?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So I am, like, really stressed about how much she's eating.
Like, look, let's be honest.
Since her accident, the sweets have gone up
because if people do come and see her,
they just buy her chocolate and sweets
and all that sort of stuff.
So she, you know, she is putting on weight
because she can't walk and run,
so actually I really could do with some support
on what I should be feeding her
and how I can get healthy stuff into her
because, you know, she's not the best eater,
but before she wasn't a horrendous eater
and now it's just, like, junk food
because it's just easy.
Easily available, yeah.
Yeah.
So following on from that point
and what we just discussed,
I suppose how confident are you
in managing the health needs of your child
on a scale of one to five?
You may have answered that previously.
Oh, I just...
I want to say five,
but actually the weight thing is kind of, like,
weighing on my mind,
so I guess maybe, like, a three.
Like, I could do with some guidance there.
Okay, okay.
And I suppose it's applicable in this situation.
How are you folks coping with managing your child's continence?
What challenges are facing you at the moment?
Yeah, so when she was in the rehab centre,
she did have a catheter.
We have managed to address those needs
and she doesn't have a catheter anymore.
She is back in nappies,
like, when she sleeps,
which is frustrating,
because obviously she was, like, well out of nappies.
But for sleep time, we've had to put her back in,
so I just don't really know how
I'm going to solve that night-time issue.
Okay, okay.
And just for kind of the sake of the records here,
we just want to capture, I suppose, at the moment,
how confident are you as a family
in managing their continence on a scale of one to five?
Three, again.
Like I said, the day is fine, but the nights are not.
Okay, okay. Thanks.
Sorry, no.
There's over 17 there, so...
Yeah, there's a lot of questions.
Don't worry about the review ones.
Okay. Mobility.
Yeah.
Okay, so just for our reference,
in relation to mobility,
I just want to follow up with a few questions
about your daughter's mobility.
I'll put the questions to you first
and then we can take an answer from you.
So, can they walk independently
or do they need assistance?
What mobility aids do they use?
If in this case it is a wheelchair,
have you received formal education or training
on how to use the wheelchair?
Do you require support?
Do you require support on this going forward?
Are there any issues with transfers at the moment?
Would, you know, high speed of aid,
is there upper limb mobility to help with that?
Any other general mobility challenges
that you guys are facing
and what potential support or resources
would you like or need going forward?
So, she can kind of get herself out of the wheelchair
and get herself out of bed,
but mostly it's me kind of like picking her up,
but we don't need like a hoist or anything
because she is getting out of that chair, like no question.
No, we haven't, like I reached out
to the Irish Wheelchair Association,
but they haven't responded,
but I'll be honest, like one of the reasons
is I've heard about your like amazing Skills on Wheels
program and like teaching them wheelies and stuff,
which is cool, but I do want her to use the chair
and I want her to use it effectively,
but I need you to help me get her out of that chair.
Okay.
And then following on for that,
and again, this is to refer back to,
based on what we just discussed,
on a scale of one to five,
how confident are you about your daughter
managing her own mobility?
Two, like if I'm honest, she's a bit,
look, she's five.
I'm doing everything for her at the moment.
She's loving that, so actually like two
and we really need to work on it.
Okay, okay.
And we've spoken about this,
but I'll ask the question anyways.
Your family is obviously interested
in Crohn's mobility services,
so like what we have as an example
are obviously wheelchair skills, which you've referred to,
transfer training, upper limb rehabilitation if it's needed,
pediatric occupational therapy as well.
I suppose what are your main goals for support?
Obviously improving mobility, potentially independence,
strength, all those sort of things.
Yeah, so just the, I mean,
there's skills on wheels, like it is cool.
I do want her to be comfortable in the chair,
but actually it's the OT also that,
you know, whatever OT support you can give me
to get her legs functioning again
and get her walking, that's what I'm really looking for.
For this one you've referred to the wheelchair association there already,
so I don't need to answer that.
No, I don't.
I'd like to just ask a couple of things
about your daughter's current mental health or wellbeing state.
How would you describe it?
Have you any kind of overarching concerns?
Obviously since everything has happened,
has there been any major changes in behaviour, mood,
how have they been coping, you know,
what support services if needed can we offer in that area?
I mean, she is like most kids, like super moody,
but I guess the mood swings have gotten bigger.
Like sometimes she absolutely loves the fact
that I'm doing everything with her and I'm totally on her
and then sometimes, you know,
the fact that she's not playing with her friends anymore
and she asks to go back to school
and I keep telling her she's not ready.
So she kind of goes, dips up and down.
But if like I'm honest, you know, that kind of stuff,
all of the moods in the family is affected by the fact
that me and my husband just keep arguing.
Like we just can't seem to get past the fact
that I just don't think he is giving her the support that she needs.
He thinks, yeah, like it's great that he's earning the money,
but actually I need him to be present with her
because she needs support and I need a break.
Like I feel like I'm just doing it on my own.
Yeah.
And look, you've just spoken to it there,
but for the sake of records here,
I'd just like you to rate on a scale of one to five, you know,
how you currently rate your daughter's psychological wellbeing
so we can refer to it in the future.
Two.
Two.
Yeah, a two.
She's a two.
If I'm honest, I'd say I'm like a one.
No, that's extreme.
I'm maybe like a two.
Okay, okay.
And I suppose that segues into what my next question is
and based off your response, there's probably,
you have an interest in cron psychological services.
You know, we do have counselling, stress management, reflexology,
all sorts of stuff like that.
Play therapy, which would be, you know, of particular use to your daughter.
So I suppose, have you an interest in those services for us?
Yeah, I think play therapy, definitely.
I think that would be really good.
Yeah, counselling, whether it's just one of us or me and my husband,
I don't really know.
But reflexology, isn't that something to do with pain relief,
like via the feet?
Yes, it is.
Okay, like maybe she could do something like that?
Okay.
Yeah, we can look into it.
We can provide that service.
Okay, cool.
Absolutely.
The next section just here at the intake is we just want to speak
about your child's current education situation.
So we just want to know what school they're enrolled in,
what class they're in.
We've referenced any potential learning challenges,
but just to say it again there,
is your child availing of any additional resources
when they're in school?
Is there an SNA within the room?
And I suppose what's your child's kind of educational goals
within the next year?
She is like registered to educate together in character line,
but like education's just not on my radar right now.
Like it's not a thing.
She's at home.
The school did offer to send her some stuff home,
but I just need her to concentrate on getting better right now.
Getting better, yeah, yeah.
And again, this is just part of our intake process.
Again, it's a rating system, so I just want to, on a scale of one to five,
maybe give me a response on how confident you are with your child
at least doing some form of schoolwork over the year
or how they will progress in the next year with their schooling.
I mean, like, it's just not, that's just not relevant.
Like she's not going to be in school.
Like I'll think about that next year.
Okay, okay.
Sorry, no, the next one is related to education and career pathways.
Do you want me to?
No, skip that.
Okay.
Sorry, no?
No, you're okay.
Last topic.
Yeah.
So I would like to ask you a couple of questions
just to understand your family members' kind of social network.
Obviously we're speaking about you as a family,
yourself as an individual and your daughter.
So like what kind of strong relationships have you got with friends, family?
Do you have a broader community of folks who are available to you
to kind of support you in this time?
Is there a broader community group that you guys participate in?
Are there other activities maybe that people within the family
were engaged in prior to all of this or still continue to do so?
How do you feel?
Do you feel supported by these folks?
So like amazing, my mum's amazing.
Like she is just my absolute rock and best friend through all of this.
So that's like really good.
Like I said, we've just kind of distanced from friends
because I just don't have the headspace of speaking to them right now.
Jude still goes to little kickers,
but we had to stop Imogen's ballet classes because she can't do them.
So no, socialising is definitely an issue for us.
Okay, okay.
And again, just for the records, on a scale of one to five,
I'd just like you to rate your family members' kind of social connections.
Again, so we can refer back to this in future.
Three.
Okay, thank you.
Would your family be interested in engaging with Crohn's
kind of social capital services?
So for example, these are social events, potential support groups,
youth clubs, drama, holiday camps during the school holidays.
We offer peer support services and broader family events.
So would you like to avail of these services going forward?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, like, yeah, if there's some cool things going on,
then I definitely would be interested.
Okay, okay.
Super.
And we're closing to the end of the questionnaire.
Based on everything we've discussed so far,
the key areas of support that your family are looking for.
So, like, hold on, I'm sorry, I'll rephrase that now
because I've started reading the question.
Okay.
Okay, so based on everything we've discussed,
the key areas of support for you are, and I will list them,
and you can kind of select them and rank them as appropriate.
So number one is independent living.
Number two is health and continence.
Number three is mobility.
Four is psychological well-being.
Five is education and career pathways.
And six is social capital.
So of these services I've listed,
what do you believe is the most important?
Give it a rating of one if you can, please.
This will help us in kind of guiding us into providing the right support
in where you need it most.
So mobility is number one, definitely.
Psychological well-being, I guess, is number two.
Socialising, maybe number three, and whatever for the other three.
Okay.
I'm not fussed about those.
Brilliant, brilliant.
